Add "file" option in "blitz db seed" docs (#605)
blitz-js/blitzjs.com: app/pages/docs/cli-db.mdx

### `blitz db seed` {#blitz-db-seed}

> This will run script from `file` option. This is often used to quickly
> setup the development environment. For examples check

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will run a script provided with the optional `file` flag. If omitted, it defaults to `db/seed.ts`. 
This is often used to quickly set up the development environment. For examples check
```
